---
layout: post
title: "Two Skills I'm Most Proud Of"
date: 2014-10-26
---

For class we were tasked with coming up with two skills or personality traits that we are most proud of and then told to write about them.  I'll be doing that here, and I'll also be trying to overcome the unease I feel about talking about things I'm personally proud of.  I do these things for myself and not for the adulation of others.  I chose the following two:

<strong>Follow through:</strong>

I tend to set myself big goals and then challenge myself to complete them.  They don't always work out exactly according to plan, but I have yet to look back on any of them and feel that "well, I could have done more".  I'll give a few examples:
<ul>
  <li>A.  As an example of not going according to plan...  I wanted to be a fighter pilot since I was around 4 years old.  By the end of highschool I had been accepted into the Air Force Academy, but was told I wouldn't be able to get a flight slot.  My eyes were the minimum amount "off", but, the regulations are what they are.  I didn't end up going despite being offered a chance to be in the second seat.  I got close, and something I had no control over (my vision) was the deciding factor. It took me awhile, but I've come to terms with that.</li>
  <br>
  <li>B.  Smoking was a bad habit left over from college.  I had smoked for around 6-7 years and could no longer run a mile without stopping to walk.  A week after kicking the habit for good, I decided to raise money for St. Jude and run in their yearly marathon.  Six months later the race was canceled due to icy conditions and I ran the marathon in a park by myself.</li>
  <br>
  <li>C.  Switching from finance to programming.  I knew I wanted a career change, and the only part of finance I still enjoyed was the intellectual stimulation - and that portion of the work was taking up a smaller and smaller slice of the pie.  Also, I wanted to create things - either for myself or to bring the ideas of others to life.  The result: I'm writing a blog post assigned to me by the Nashville Software School (which I'm really enjoying).</li>
</ul>

<strong>My sense of adventure.</strong>

I'll try anything twice.  Especially food.  And jumping out of planes.  And moving to California and sleeping on someone's floor to work on a startup I believed in.  And...
<br>

(Also, I promised in my first post to end these with various things I'd been reading or watching that I thought were interesting.  Time to get back to that: <a href="http://phys.org/news/2014-10-equation-photomath.html#jCp" target="_blank">Augmented Reality allows your smart phone to look at an equation and solve it in real time.</a>)
